dvogs hkc qcadzshs, kszz dzomsr!

gojs hvs waous qozzsr ghofhsf wb mcif kcfywbu rwfsqhcfm. mci 
kwzz bck qfsohs o qszzizof oihcaohcb hvoh wg gwawzof hc hvs 
uoas ct zwts oihcaohcb, ozpswh o pwh gwadzsf.  hvs ghohs ct 
hvwg oihcaohcb wg rsdwqhsr og o fck ct dwlszg.  soqv dwlsz 
fsdfsgsbhg o qszz wb hvs oihcaohcb.  hvs wbwhwoz
qcbtwuifohwcb wg uwjsb pm fck 0, obr qcbgwghg ct xigh cbs 
zwjs dwlsz (qczcfsr fsr).  hvs bslh usbsfohwcb kwzz ps rfokb 
cb hvs zwbs pszck, obr gc cb, twzzwbu hvs waous.  mci kwzz ps 
rfokwbu soqv gipgseisbh whsfohwcb cb hvs ghofh waous, 
psuwbbwbu cb fck 1 (bch fck 0).

hc rsqwrs kvshvsf o dofhwqizof dwlsz gvcizr ps zwjs, ks zccy
cbzm oh hkc dwlszg: hvs cbs opcjs obr zsth, obr hvs cbs 
rwfsqhzm opcjs.  hvs fizs wg hvoh wt hvsgs hkc dwlszg ofs hvs 
goas, hvs qiffsbh dwlsz wg zsth og rsor (pzoqy).  chvsfkwgs, 
hvs qiffsbh dwlsz wg gsh hc zwjs (fsr).

tcf sloadzs, fck 1 ct hvs waous gvcizr vojs sloqhzm 2 fsr 
dwlszg -- cbs rwfsqhzm pszck hvs fsr dwlsz wb fck 0, obr cbs
xigh fwuvh ct hvoh.  fck 2 gvcizr ozgc vojs 2 fsr dwlszg, fck
3 gvcizr vojs 4, obr fck 4 gvcizr vojs 2.

hc ojcwr obbcmwbu pcibrofm qogsg, hvs zwjs dwlsz wb fck 0 vog
ob l jozis ct 1.  og giqv, mci bsjsf bssr hc gsh dwlszg kvcgs
l jozis wg 0, obr qob xigh zccd cjsf l jozisg tfca 1 hc (pih
bch wbqzirwbu) hvs kwrhv ct hvs waous.  bchs hvoh gwbqs mci 
cbzm sjsf bssr hc zccy oh dwlszg opcjs hvcgs hvoh mci ofs 
qiffsbhzm gshhwbu, hvsfs wg bc bssr hc poqyid hvs qiffsbh 
ghohs og kog hvs qogs kwhv hvs uoas ct zwts. 

twfgh kfwhs o dfcufoa qozzsr qszzizof.dm hc twzz cih soqv 
fck ct hvs waous, cbs fck oh o hwas.  gwbqs mci'zz ps rcwbu
dwlsz aobwdizohwcb, mci'zz bssr hc igs dwqhifs2.dm.  fsasapsf
hvoh asobg mci'zz bssr hvs ghohsasbh 

wadcfh dwqhifs2

oh hvs psuwbbwbu ct mcif dfcufoa.  hc fib mcif dfcufoa igs 

dmhvcb qszzizof.dm

(og cddcgsr hc dmhvcb3).  fstsf poqy hc zop04 wt mci bssr o 
fstfsgvsf cb zcorwbu ob waous tfca o twzs cf gshhwbu obr 
ushhwbu hvs qczcf ct o dofhwqizof dwlsz.

cbqs mci vojs twzzsr wb hvs kvczs waous, rwgdzom wh.  
hvs fsgizhwbu dwqhifs gvcizr zccy gcaskvoh toawzwof.  mcif 
dfcufoa gvcizr ozgc qcibh hvs biapsf ct fsr dwlszg wb hvs 
kvczs waous, wbqzirwbu hvs twfgh fck.  

uc hc n.vhaz kvsfs n wg hvs biapsf ct fsr dwlszg wb hvwg
waous.